[ Music ]
>> Mike Adams: Welcome
to Secrets to Health.
This is Mike Adams
of Natural News.
>> Dr. Edward Group:
And, I'm Ed Group
with Global Healing Center.
>> Mike: And, today we're
featuring amazing superfood
blender recipes.
We're going to demonstrate
those recipes for you.
Right here on camera so that
you can make them yourself.
>> Dr. Group: That's right
Mike you have a recipe
that you've used
for a long time.
So, go ahead and show
us how to make it.
>> Mike: OK great.
Now, we've got a lot
of different recipes
here for you today.
This one is a detox recipe.
It's based on aloe vera gel
which I'm going to show you how
to fillet an aloe leaf
and get just the gel.
>> Dr. Group: Fresh
organic aloe by the way.
>> Mike: That's true.
And, this is from my own yard.
I grow aloe to eat it.
And then, were using ascorbate.
A buffered form of Vitamin C,
it's buffered with magnesium
and some other minerals,
potassium for example.
And that's to support
detoxification pathways,
for people who might be
experiencing you know exposure
to toxic chemicals,
exposure to heavy metals
which we all are exposed
to in foods and medicines.
This is perfect plus
freeze-dried
organic raspberries.
That's the final
mystery ingredient
that makes it super delicious.
In fact, I can't wait
for you to try this Ed.
>> Dr. Group: I've never tried
it and I'm looking forward
to trying it because I
love-- I'm the detox man.
I'm constantly detoxing myself.
So, I'm looking forward
to trying it.
>> Mike: All right, let's do it.
So, I've started this with
some filtered rain water
in the in the blender here.
And, I'm wearing gloves so that
I don't you know contaminate the
aloe vera gel which
is kind of gooey.
So, we're going to
start by slicing
and filleting the aloe vera gel.
First, I'm going to
take a section here.
This is the piece that
we're going to use.
We're going to harvest
the aloe meat so to speak.
We're actually going
to sort of fillet this
by slicing off the
top layer first.
And then, you take the sides and
simply slice the side skins off.
There's one, and you can
also rub these on your skin,
on your face they make amazing
natural skin care materials.
Slice the other side.
>> Dr. Group: So,
you basically want
to use one leaf then per drink?
>> Mike: Exactly.
You want to use one whole leaf.
Now, for this you're going
to apply pressure and then,
your going to fillet the gel
as you slide your fingers down.
And, you're going to get the
gel out but not the skin.
And, if you've done
it correctly then
when you're done you should
have a mostly transparent gel
that you can hopefully see here.
Yeah, it's kind of gooey
but it's super healthy.
We're going to eat this.
We're going to drink this.
So, I put it in the blender.
>> Dr. Group: Very high in
mucopolysaccharides which are--
>> Mike: Absolutely.
It's really great for digestion,
for Crohn's, for any kind
of irritable bowel syndrome.
For people who have, you know
digestive disorders or problems
that they want to have something
soothing go through them.
This is fantastic.
Now Ed, give us a spoonful
of the buffered ascorbate,
that's going to give us
a really high potency,
super delicious vitamin
C with other minerals.
It's already going to work.
And, give us about half of
that container if you would
of freeze-dried organic
raspberries.
These are grown in the USA.
And, they are completely free
from pesticides we've
also tested these
for all heavy metals.
Totally free of all heavy metals
>> Dr. Group: Very important
use all organic ingredients
of course.
>> Mike: So now, were just
going to blend this up.
[ Noise ]
[Background Noise] If the glass
is ready, that's all we need.
The aloe, you can't even taste
it when you use fresh aloe.
If you've ever had sort of
store-bought aloe drinks.
You have may have noticed,
they have a little
bit of a bitter taste.
Because they're normally
pasteurized
or they're preserved
with other chemicals.
That's why I recommend
you grow your own aloe
and fillet it just
like I did here.
>> Dr. Group: And, it's
really easy to grow.
I mean you can grow in a
pot or grow it on your yard.
I mean, especially down South.
That does look good and
you've made a good point
about the aloe.
I mean, a lot of people
don't like the taste of aloe.
And, another thing it's great
for is just constipation.
Think about how many
people are constipated
on the world these days.
>> Mike: Absolutely.
Now, if you want to sweeten this
up a little bit I
also have some stevia.
So, I'm going to put just a
little touch of stevia in mine.
I don't know if you want
any stevia in yours or not.
>> Dr. Group: Sure.
I'll have a little bit.
>> Mike: It helps to
sweeten up a little bit.
Here we'll use the
knife to stir it.
Mix it up a little bit.
I don't want to presume
that you wanted
to eat stevia, not
everybody does.
But, I like it.
So, there you go.
So, when you drink this
then, what your doing is,
is you're giving yourself
live food which from the aloe.
You're giving yourself these
incredibly soothing healing
polysaccharides from the aloe
which are very long chained.
You noticed I didn't
blend it very long.
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
>> Mike: I didn't want to tear
up the actual polysaccharides
from the aloe.
So, you don't want to over
blend it because of that.
But, now give it a drink Ed.
See what you think.
>> Dr. Group: I mean this is a
super fast way to have a drink.
I mean Mike that only took
a couple minutes to do that.
Let me try it out.
>> Mike: Super easy.
Yeah.
>> Dr. Group: Wow.
>> Mike: Ain't that nice?
>> Dr. Group: Amazingly good.
I must say.
>> Mike: So, describe to the
viewer, what does it taste like.
>> Dr. Group: It taste like-- it
kind of taste like raspberry tea
or something like that.
I mean kind of like
a real refreshing.
I even had a chunk in
there, I think of aloe
that I that I chewed up.
>> Mike: Yup.
Me too.
>> Dr. Group: It
wasn't bad at all.
It's got a good consistency.
I mean--
>> Mike: But, do you taste
any bitterness whatsoever.
Do you taste any
aloe taste at all?
>> Dr. Group: No, no.
>> Mike: It's completely
masked by the raspberries
and a little bit of stevia.
>> Dr. Group: And, Mike what
probably the best time for this,
and I'm just you know
guessing because of the aloe
and everything would probably
be on the morning because that's
when your system
needs to detoxify.
>> Mike: Absolutely.
>> Dr. Group: You know
your body your body pushes
out all those toxins
during the night.
And then, in the morning is
when you should have
something like this.
Some live food, a lot of water
to push that all those toxins
that your body pushed
out at night
and to have a good
healthy bowel movement.
>> Mike: Definitely.
While you're talking,
I'm drinking
because I'm really
enjoying this drink.
So, this is also
very inexpensive.
So, a lot of people are
concerned about the cost
of eating organic or the
cost of having superfoods.
Well, the aloe vera
you grow it for free.
All right, it's free.
And, if you live in
a colder climate,
you can bring it indoors in
the winter, put it outdoors
in the spring, summer,
and early fall.
Just don't let it freeze.
The raspberries are
not that expensive.
The ascorbate is
And, the water you know
is essentially free.
So, this is a great way to
give your body these nutrients
without spending a
fortune doing so.
And like you said you know
its two minutes your done.
>> Dr. Group: It's great
for the whole family too.
I mean if you have kids
you could just whip
out a couple of batches.
You saw how much that
makes, two full glasses.
I mean you could split
it up between four people
and you know everybody
in your family.
Or you just add more water
and you could do, you know,
have enough for six
people in the morning.
It'd be a good--
>> Mike: Exactly.
>> Dr. Group: You know it's
a great snack, it's healthy
and the good thing
about it is it's raw.
I mean your getting
all the live enzymes
and ingredients out of there.
I mean you have the
organic strawberries
and you have the aloe--
>> Mike: Raspberries.
>> Dr. Group: I mean
the raspberries.
>> Mike: And, about the
raspberries finally.
And then were going to move on
with the next recipe for you.
But, the raspberries
because they're freeze-dried.
Let me actually show
people the importance
of the freeze-dried raspberry.
Freeze-drying preserves fruits
more than any other method.
It leaves the color, the
flavor, and the texture
and the phytochemicals,
the phytonutrients intact.
So, compared to heat-drying
which is more destructive
to nutrients or you
know drum drying
in the industry is often used
that destroys more nutrients.
Freeze-drying is the best way
to preserve the maximum amount
of nutrients which is why
a lot of people who are
into survival foods
or preparedness foods they
also store freeze-dried fruits
and vegetables.
And, they last easily
you know five
to ten years you can
make yourself a super
nutritious drink.
You know even if you're
living in a bunker
after a nuclear accident.
Anything, you can have it
anytime that's my point.
So, that's the aloe
detox raspberry recipe.
Hope you enjoyed that.
Now, coming right up next is
another recipe using avocados
and cacao.
All right, continuing with
our amazing superfood recipes.
Now, we have a cacao
avocado kind of an ice cream,
like a chocolate ice cream
type of smoothie recipe based
on almond milk which was what we
have in the container right now.
Ed have you ever
tried this recipe?
>> Dr. Group: Actually I
have used avocados in recipes
and I love using
avocados in recipes.
I make my own almond
milk at home Mike.
I get the non-irradiated almonds
from a farm out in California.
And if you look at like the
organic certification websites
like CCOF, you can actually find
a list of certified providers
and contact them directly.
And, it's wonderful when you
make your own almond milk.
It's just so refreshing to have.
>> Mike: Absolutely.
Today were using organic
off the shelf almond milk.
But yeah, making your
own is definitely better,
taste much better.
But, let's go ahead and get
started with the recipe.
This is a very nourishing
and super delicious recipe.
Ed, you're going to
help me out right?
>> Dr. Group: Absolutely.
>> Mike: OK.
>> Dr. Group: What's
the first ingredient?
>> Mike: Hit me with a spoonful
of cacao powder over there.
This is a certified
organic cacao powder,
also tested in our lab
like all our ingredients.
>> Dr. Group: Is that
enough right there or more?
>> Mike: That's probably enough.
Yeah, we get plenty
of the aroma in that.
Hit me with a spoon of
the chollera powder.
This goes really
well with chocolate
because it's obviously
dark green
but with chocolate the color
is wow, masked by the cacao
and it's also got a great
nourishing effect on body.
>> Dr. Group: Detoxification
too.
>> Mike: Yes.
Now we could also--
I recommend putting
in some different superfood
powders and I brought a couple.
I've got Boku Superfood
here just as an example.
We can put in half
a spoon of that
or a scoop of that if you want.
>> Dr. Group: Place
a scoop in there?
>> Mike: Yeah that's good.
And then a scoop of the
Metacore, there you go,
which is a hemp-based
chocolate protein powder
with some vanilla bean in it.
So it's really quite delicious.
You can use any powder
you want there are a lot
of great superfood powders
on the market so go ahead
and choose whatever you want.
Now thanks Ed.
I'm going also to add
in this from Artisana.
This is a coconut cacao-- a real
creamy super rich like a butter.
So I'm going to put a
massive spoon of that
in because I love the taste
of the coconut with cacao.
So we have coconut and avocado.
I'm just going to scoop
out the avocado here
so that we get the
avocado that we need.
>> Dr. Group: And this looks
almost like a meal replacement.
I mean it's like--
>> Mike: Yeah.
>> Dr. Group: It's like a--
>> Mike: It's like a cereal.
>> Dr Group: A super nutrient
with all the good fats, Omega 3,
6, and 9 and the avocado.
You have your hemp which is
high in protein, the almond milk
which is high in
protein your banana
which is high in potassium--
>> Mike: Adding a banana.
Certified organic banana
of course, just to sweeten
up a little bit,
you don't have to do
that if you're diabetic you
probably don't want to do that.
But I like to add banana
in and where going to--
by the end of this episode,
Ed we're going to be so full
from all these superfoods.
We are drinking these
between shots by the way.
So, and I'm adding a
little bit of stevia in.
And that's it we
are ready to blend.
Are you ready to enjoy this?
>> Dr. Group: Let's blend
it up and see how it is.
>> Mike: OK.
>> Dr. Group: I mean,
everybody will love
to have a chocolate shake
recipe that's actually raw,
live and healthy.
>> Mike: Here we go.
[ Noise ]
All right, now notice the color
is really green, we'll show you
in a cup-- you grab a cup.
Check out the color,
nice and rich
like a chocolate,
smoothie shake.
>> Dr. Group: It
is really thick.
>> Mike: Yeah, super thick.
You can make it thinner
of course
by adding more almond
milk if you want.
Or you can do-- if you want
to make it even thicker you can
add chia seeds to this recipe,
another ingredient
I really love.
So I'm interested to
see your reaction to it
because this is my recipe.
>> Dr. Group: All
right let me taste it.
>> Mike: So give me
shot what do you think?
>> Dr. Group: That is very good.
It does I mean--
>> Mike: It's like
ice cream right?
>> Dr. Group: You can't really
even taste you know a lot
of times when you put a lot
of green powders in drinks
and you mix them up you have
kind of like that grassy taste.
>> Mike: Not here.
>> Dr. Group: But this, you
have a real chocolatey, creamy,
smoothie and it's almost
like a fudge ice cream
bar or something.
>> Mike: Yeah that's
a good point.
This reminds me when
I was young I use
to go Dairy Queen you
know before I learn
about nutrition my family
would take us out we'd have
like a banana split with
the chocolate syrup on it.
You know what I'm talking about?
>> Dr. Group: Oh I know.
>> Mike: To me this
taste very similar
to a chocolate ice
cream banana split.
Now, I know you might think
that's impossible it couldn't
taste that way.
Well try it yourself
because you're going
to find it's really, really good
and you can adjust the taste
by just adjusting
the ingredients.
>> Dr. Group: You know what?
And I'll tell you another thing,
I've got two boys young boys
that are growing up and they--
it is so hard to find foods
in the change up foods
that are live that are healthy
and more than not something
that the kids actually
like and will drink.
And you know all kids have
this you know sweet tooth
for everything.
It seems like it's hard to
find alternatives especially
when you're going
to birthday parties
with all the other kids are
eating a bunch of, you know,
high fructose corn
syrup drinks and cakes
with all kinds of dyes on them.
This is a good alternative for
parties or good alternative
for your kids in the morning.
I mean--
>> Mike: And for kids
you can also you can add
in essential mint oils and make
it a chocolate mint ice cream
smoothie if you describe
it that way.
You know the name
affects the perception
in what you're drinking.
So you could even make it even
more green you know put a little
more avocado in it and put
the mint essential oil in it.
And it would be like a chocolate
mint ice cream smoothie.
And what kid is going
to turn that down?
They're not they're
going to love it.
>> Dr. Group: And if you can
get a kid to put this kind
of nutrition in their body
you've won right there I mean--
>> Mike: Think about the
avocados too you know the battle
today with our diet is getting
healthy oils into your body.
We don't want the soybean
oil the high Omega 6 oils,
the corn oil, it's all
GMO anyway, soy oil,
we want avocado oil-- this, you
know, flax oil, chia seed oil--
>> Dr. Group: Coconut oil.
>> Mike: Coconut oil exactly.
>> Dr. Group: It's in there.
Coconut oil is incredible.
>> Mike: This recipe
delivers man, this is--
I drink a variation of this
everyday for breakfast.
So I'm not eating bacon
and sausage and toast
and sugar cereals and whatever
I don't know toast in jam
or whatever people eat.
I am drinking this every
morning for my breakfast,
this is my breakfast and it has
been for I think four years now.
>> Dr. Group: Try that at home.
I like it, cheers.
>> Mike: All right cheers.
>> Dr. Group: Mike I love your
recipes but let me tell you
in the morning with kids in
school and everything I've got
to have a quick smoothie
or something
that can get all the nutrition
in to my kids and to me.
Because I'm usually in a hurry
and I know most people are
in a hurry in the morning.
You know that's another thing,
people just don't take the
time to sit down and eat.
I mean everything is just
rush, rush, rush, rush,
rush and you know we did a
study not too long ago to figure
out what happens when people
are stressed out or when they're
in the sympathetic state.
A lot of people we found
eat their meals, breakfast,
lunch and dinner in
a sympathetic state.
Now, if you don't know what a
sympathetic state is that's a
fight-or-flight response.
That means that your body's
digestive system is not working
and your body is bringing all
the blood to the internal organs
so you can runaway from whatever
you need to get away from.
>> Mike: Which is
really breakfast,
if it's a standard breakfast.
>> Dr. Group: Oh
my gosh, I know.
So you know really
everybody should be eating
in a parasympathetic state
that's when you're relaxed,
that's when you can
absorb your nutrients.
That's another thing people
don't absorb nutrients.
So I have a real simple
recipe today that I
like to share with everybody.
And this is like a
meal replacement.
This is a protein replacement
this is something that's going
to fill you up and it's
super easy to make.
Now you can use any type
of raw organic protein
powder if you want.
Just make sure that
it's non-GMO.
I like to use this
one right here
which is the Warrior Food
Extreme this has a combination
of non-GMO, rice
protein, hemp protein
which I love hemp protein.
>> Mike: Me too.
>> Dr. Group: You know the
hemp oil is one molecule off
from the natural sebum that
you secrete in your skin.
Your natural oils
that you secrete,
that hemp oil is almost exactly.
It makes it the closest plant
to the human body in the world.
It's extremely beneficial
and extremely nutritious.
What I like about this also is
it contains live enzymes you
know so many people are
enzyme deficient these days.
And I mean I personally take
enzymes you know enzymes
supplements on a
daily basis too.
>> Mike: Me too.
>> Dr. Group: Just to you know
help clear the body help thin
the blood a little bit
because research has shown
that people start
running out of enzymes
by the time they're
28 years old.
Not only that but
this has super green
in it too blue-green algae,
and it's an amazing addition
to add to the smoothie.
So first thing I'm going to do
is I start with almond milk.
And about a little
bit of water in there
and of course I use
distilled water
or purified water you
definitely don't want
to put tap water
in your smoothie.
>> Mike: Put fluoride
in you smoothie.
Enhances the flavor.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah.
>> Mike: All right so
how am I suppose to do--
>> Dr. Group: I'm just going
to take maybe a half tip heaping
spoon here, put it in there.
>> Mike: Now this is Jameth
Sheridan product right?
>> Dr. Group: Yes it is.
>> Mike: So I noticed
it's all micronized.
He likes to make things
really small sizes
so that there's a lot of
surface area for absorption
like when you open the lid you
can actually see some of the--
>> Dr. Group: You
could see the--
like the static electricity
comes out of it.
>> Mike: Yeah.
>> Dr. Group: [inaudible] alive.
The second thing I'm going to
do is I'm going to add banana,
I like to add a banana in
there just rich in fiber,
and just to sweeten
it up a little bit.
Because this is a family
drink and the kids you know,
I have to make it to
where the kids like it.
And plus it kind of help them go
to the bathroom in the morning.
The next thing I'm going
to add is cinnamon,
you now cinnamon is one of the
spices that's just overlooked
but it has so many
health benefits.
It actually increases your
blood flow and to your
and to your tissues, so it kind
of like gives little
energetic boast
in the morning and
got you going.
>> Mike: And there's
also a lot of research
about cinnamon helping to
regulate blood sugar levels too.
>> Dr. Group: Exactly.
>> Mike: So you know,
and it's used
in Chinese medicine too
come to think of it.
>> Dr. Group: It is.
>> Mike: It's a mainstay
of Chinese medicine.
>> Dr. Group: So I'll just put
a little cinnamon in there.
>> Mike: It's already starting
to look interesting Ed,
I have never tried this one.
>> Dr. Group: I'm telling
you it's going to be good.
>> Mike: OK.
>> Dr. Group: And
what I like to use--
I mean and you know I could
take all these individual
ingredients separate.
But again you know I want
to do something pretty fast
so this is a Cacao
Goji Superfood blend
and I love this stuff, I
mean it's great to snack
on because it's raw, it's vegan,
it's gluten-free and what it has
in it is it has organic
date paste,
it has organic cacao power
it has organic chia seed
which Mike was talking about.
Let me tell you the
health benefits
of the chia seed are amazing.
It got organic goji powder, goji
is a really powerful antioxidant
and it's a wonderful addition
to any types of superfood drink.
It's got organic maca
powder which is good
for regulating hormone level.
It's good for women and men
it's got organic lucuma powder,
organic camu cumu powder
which is what they extract the
high levels of vitamin C from.
It's got natural
chocolate flavor
and it is wheat,
egg, soy, dairy-free.
So it's about as
pure as you can get.
It's got high levels of Omega
fatty acids dietary fiber.
No refined sugar either
>>Mike: Wow, it won't
fit for the breakfast
of most American
kid [inaudible].
>> Dr. Group: I know, huh?
I mean I have parents that
tell me their kids eat
like have Kool-Aid
for breakfast--
>> Mike: Oh, man.
>> Dr. Group: -- and
you know soft drinks.
>> Mike: It's crazy
>> Dr. Group: Now these come
in little bit-sized chunks.
So what I'm going to do is
I'm going to put like one,
two like three you know some of
them are a little bit bigger.
So let me put about
that many in there.
>> Mike: This is starting
to look interesting Ed.
>> Dr. Group: So now I'm going
to take the lid to the blender
because if you ever turn a
blender on without lid on it,
you're going mess up
your kitchen pretty bad.
>> Mike: We should
try that sometimes.
[ Noise ]
It's going to be more men.
>> Dr. Group: No it's good.
>> Mike: You think it's good?
>> Dr. Group: And viola.
We have the quick and
easy superfood recipe.
>> Mike: All right.
>> Dr. Group: Try it out Mike.
>> Mike: OK.
I'm really interested
in this one.
Never had this combo before.
It smells good I can smell
the cinnamon already.
All right.
Wow, wow, It's great for
the morning it wakes you
up immediately.
>> Dr. Group: Plus you can
kind of feel it you know,
coming into your
body as it goes down.
>> Mike: That's really good.
>> Dr. Group: But you
know that you know a lot
of parents have a
problem you know
when they send their kids
off to school and everything.
They're always was
like trying to figure
out what can I give my kids
that's health on the morning.
What can I give my husband
that's healthy on the morning?
What can I give my wife
that's healthy in the morning?
You know all these
recipes that we're talking
about today are like
extreme health.
I mean this isn't like
just piece of fruit
or something like that.
I mean we're really
covering a broad spectrum
of all the nutrients
that you're going to need
like literally superfoods.
>> Mike: Plus if you
make it taste as good
as all these recipes are
tasting, you know, a lot of you
out there how are wives and your
husbands don't want healthy food
you know there a lot of
resistance out there the
in the male population
for some reason.
And if you give them something
that taste good they'll drink
it you know they'll love it.
And they're going to be
health inadvertently.
From drinking the superfood
and that's the good thing.
>> Dr. Group: Yes and
another big powerful drink
that I'm going to
show you guys how
to make next brain
power and energy power.
That's some thing that I
think everybody could use
when they wake up
in the morning.
So here we go.
So now Mike I like to show
everybody what I make just
for that extra boost
of brain power.
You know if you have important
meetings in the morning
or something or if you just
need get that boost of energy
and you don't want to drink
coffee or tea or anything
or put caffeine in your system.
This is a great energy
boosting drink.
And not only that it really,
truly helps your mental power.
And what's great again,
I know we've been
talking a lot about kids.
But you know when kids are
in school I've definitely seen
a difference with my kids.
Because you know why not
stimulate their memory before
they go to school.
>> Mike: I can only imagine,
I mean you've got coconut
oil here this is proven
to boost brain function even
to prevent Alzheimer's
and dementia.
If you have blue berries which
have all kinds of phytonutrients
and chemicals and the
natural chemicals.
I'm talking about
plant-based chemicals
that protect brain
function, protect neurology,
and eyes nervous
system protectors,
and then you've got
this ginseng potion.
>> Dr. Group: Absolutely yeah.
>> Mike: Potion magic
ginseng potion.
I can only imagine was in that
it looks really powerful to me.
>> Dr. Group: All right
well lets get started here.
The first thing I'm
going to do is I'm going
to use the same thing I used
in my last smoothie recipe.
And that's going to be the
chocolate superpower Warrior
Food Extreme.
Now you know we went over
all the ingredients and that,
so I don't think I need
to go over those again.
So I'm going to start
by putting one scoop
or about one spoon full
in here just like that.
>> Mike: Now how does the blue
berries work with the chocolate?
That's a question that
I'm having right now
>> Dr. Group: Well you know
here's the thing I'm kind
offsetting that a
little bit with the salt
in the sunflower seed.
It has a kind of distinctive
taste to it you'll see
>> Mike: OK
>> Dr. Group: Now these are
just organic freeze-dried blue
berries, because right now, the
blue berries aren't in season
and I wasn't able to
find fresh organic.
Now let's try to get local too.
So I put some blue berries
in there some freeze-dried
blue berries.
Now we talked about honey.
>> Mike: Oh, yes.
>> Dr. Group: I mean you know
honey is just a really good
energy booster.
And I always recommend every
gets locally harvested honey.
Because that way the bees
have lived in your environment
and they actually produce
all the stuff that you need.
You know don't get honey from
out way across the world.
Honey actually is an amazing
food because it's the only food
that doesn't ever go bad and the
reason why it contains a special
enzyme called glucose oxidase.
>> Mike: And so also I've heard
that if you eat local
honey you're going
to more resistant
to local allergens.
>> Dr. Group: That's right
>> Mike: That you could--
from a Western perspective you
could describe honey as a kind
of a vaccine against allergies.
Although I don't want
to use the term vaccine
but just using Western
terminology that's how you might
describe it.
>> Dr. Group: Absolutely,
absolutely.
Some I'm just going
to put some honey
in there and click in there.
>> Mike: It's going
to be delicious
>> Dr. Group: All right.
And then coconut oil--
>> Mike: Oh yeah.
>> Dr. Group: -- you
mentioned how good that is
for the brain I mean
I've have had people
that have contacted my office
with Parkinson's, Alzheimer's
and they've taken-- showed
significant reduction
in dementia by taking coconut
oil and the improvement
of the symptoms as well.
It's a medium chain
triglyceride,
which you don't really find
too many of those out there.
Coconut oil is just
an amazing thing.
So I'll put a scoop of
that coconut oil in there.
And by the way folks this is a
virgin unrefined coconut oil,
you know.
>> Mike: I'm glad you
mention that, yeah.
>> Dr. Group: And so coconut
oil when it's unrefined
and virgin is actually a
solid at room temperature.
And that's the one that you're
going to want to go with.
The next ingredient that
I add is sunflower seeds.
Now what I love about organic
sprouted sunflower seeds is
that they're very high
in zinc and you know
with clinical practice I've had
you know consulted thousands
and thousands of patients.
And I tell you zinc, iodine
those are two deficiencies
that you see a lot if
you have white spots
on you finger nails you
know all kinds of things.
Sunflower seeds zinc
is also very effective
for the immune system as well,
keep your immune system strong.
And another thing vitamin E,
high levels of vitamin
E in sun flower seeds.
So let's go ahead and add
some sunflower seed in here.
>> Mike: I like how all
these nutrients are natural
plant-based nutrients
they're in their raw form.
It's not like your
taking a vitamin
and getting some isolated form
of vitamin E that's different
from the natural form.
These is a vitamin
E as nature grows
as in the seeds non-GMO
seeds you know no pesticides,
not pasteurized, not
fumigated, irradiated,
nothing it's just
real nutrition.
>> Dr. Group: Also magnesium
and iron are in sunflower seeds.
So now that we have all
these in there I want
to add what I thinks
is the best product
for energy which is ginseng.
Now I'm using a product
called Ginseng Fusion
which is six different forms
of ginseng all added together.
Ginseng is an adaptogenic herb.
And what it's going to
do is just balance all
of your energy systems
out in your body
and it gives you a strong boost.
And what I usually do is put
about four dropper fulls in.
>> Mike: Oh, wow.
This is seriously kind
of a brain booster.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah, this is some
serious brain power right here.
So now I'm going to put
the top on and we're going
to blend this baby up.
[ Noise ]
All right lets see how we go.
And nice purple color there.
>> Mike: Yeah, it is purple.
>> Dr. Group: Can actually get
some color therapy too there
while you're drinking it.
All right give me a shot
tell me how it is Mike
>> Mike: All right here we go
>> Dr. Group: Cheers
>> Mike: All right.
Cheers. Wow it works it really
works the blue berries work
with the chocolate I
wouldn't have expected that.
All right Ed, this really
works I like your recipe.
I'm going to steal it from you
and use it in my own kitchen
if you don't mind
this is awesome.
>> Dr. Group: I tell what
we have four awesome recipes
that everybody could use.
I'm going to use yours
too I mean check us
out secretstohealth.tv
for more great shows.
I hope you use these
recipes and share them
with your friends
and family too.
>> Mike: Take care.
[ Music ]